- You're positive
it's this way?
- Yeah! We're almost there.
[singers vocalizing]
- There he is.
- [grunting]
- Mr. Kanamori!
- Wh--Whaah!
- [groans]
- Ah, he slashed it
in the blink of an eye!
Thank you, Lord Tokito!
I'm in your debt!
- Mr. Kanamori!
- Kotetsu, is that you?!
Thank goodness you're safe!
But if I'm being honest,
I thought you'd be dead by now.
- Don't worry! I did too!
- So you're Kanamori,
is that right?
- Oh?
- Mr. Tokito,
meet Mr. Kanamori!
- If you're a swordsmith,
give me a sword.
I need it now.
- [gasps]
Oh, my.
Your blade is badly chipped!
- Yes, that's why I came
to the village.
- This needs to be replaced.
Luckily,
I have a sword for you.
I'll go fetch it right away.
- You certainly
don't waste time, do you?
- Well, that's a relief and
something to be thankful for.
- Tanjiro asked
I take care of your sword.
He said it was very important.
Oh, and that I should be
understanding towards you.
- Tanjiro did?
He really said that?
- Indeed, he did.
And so I went ahead
and checked up
on the first swordsmith
who served you.
- Mr. Kanamori! Mr. Kanamori!
We've got to head
to Mr. Haganezuka's.
If those demons attack him...
- Oh, that's right!
Come! I'll show you the way
to our work shed! This way!
["Kizuna no Kiseki" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singers vocalizing]
[Kanamori] I'm worried
about all the villagers.
Since you're a Hashira,
after I give you your sword,
I want you to go help them
as soon as possible!
[pants] It's just up ahead!
Thank goodness!
I don't see any fish monsters.
We've been working in that shed.
The sword
I'm supposed to give you
is waiting for you in there.
Please take it
and rush to the chief,
as I'm sure he needs your help!
- No, I can't.
- Huh? Why not?!
- [yelps]
- [groans]
Agh! You're so annoying!
- It's here.
[tense music]
- Hyo!
- Huh?
- Oh!
[slow footsteps]
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- I'm impressed that you
were able to notice me.
But then again, I would expect
nothing less of a Hashira!
Hyo, hyo, hyo, hyo, hyo, hyo!
I wonder why this rundown shed
is so important to you.
[both yelp]
- Could it be you're hiding
something in there
you don't want me to find?
[laughs]
- Enemy attack!
Demons! Enemy attack!
Protect the leaders
of each clan!
Take out the Hashira's swords
at once!
- [villagers screaming]
- Help the chief escape!
[screams]
- [snarls]
- [shrieks]
- Tetsugorou!
Watch out!
These monsters have claws
that are as sharp as our blades!
Retreat, and take cover
inside the buildings!
[gasps] Never mind!
Just run!
[villagers yelling]
- [gurgles]
- Whoa. A Hashira showed up!
- Sorry I'm late, everyone!
Hang tight
while I take care of this!
[demons gurgling]
- Amazing.
- So fast!
- So strong!
It's easy to forget,
because she's so cute,
but she's a Hashira,
and she's strong.
The chief!
Please go and save the chief!
- [growling]
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
[gags]
- Chief!
[yells]
[groaning]
Chief...
- [gags]
- Chief!
All the Demon Slayer guards
who were stationed here
to protect the chief
have easily been killed off.
You have my word.
As the most highly skilled
person in the village,
I'm not about
to let you die, Chief!
But it's so big...
and abnormally quick.
My attacks have no effect on it.
I'm useless
against this thing!
[shudders]
[gasps]
[thrilling music]
- Please try your best
not to move.
You likely have internal
injuries without knowing it.
- L--Lady Kanroji!
[gasps]
What kind of sword is that?
Did--Did the Lord Tecchin
forge it?
I've heard the rumors,
but I can't believe
it actually looks like that!
- [roars]
- This shouldn't take long!
- Love Breathing First Form...
- [roars]
- ...Shivers of First Love.
- [grunts]
[gags]
- My heart would never flutter
for those who hurt others.
That's unforgivable!
- [gasping]
- [winces]
[sighs]
[gasps]
[Tecchin groaning]
- [moans]
- Lord Tecchin!
[gasps] Are you all right?!
Hang in there! [gasps]
- Stay with me!
- [moans]
- [gasps] Lord Tecchin,
can you hear me?
- Am I all right, you ask.
I'm in the arms
of a beautiful girl!
I'd say I'm on cloud nine!
[sighs]
- Oh, my!
Lord Tecchin,
you are far too kind!
- Oh, no. I think
I fell on my head too!
- What?
- I guess you have
to hold my hand now!
- Oh, dear, forgive me!
Is everything all right?
- You back off!
- Wh--What a relief.
[sighs]
[singers vocalizing]
[Tanjiro] What--
What is this?
This scent...
[Sekido]
Stop trying to flee...
like a pesky gnat!
- [jingles]
- [roars]
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [screams]
- [groans]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [scoffs]
- That's right.
I got knocked out earlier
by that demon with the fan.
And Nezuko came to
before I did.
[gasps]
- [growls]
- [pants]
- Curses!
Could he be any slower?
Karaku,
blast this entire place down!
- On it!
♪♪ ♪♪
- [laughs]
I was gonna blast
this place down anyway!
- [groans]
Think! You've got to think!
I need to inflict
massive damage on the enemy
with an attack they can't
recover from right away.
- Damn.
Hey, you brat, take this!
- [yells]
- It's all over for you now!
- [gasps]
[wind blowing]
[sword slices]
[staff jingling]
- [laughs]
Not to brag, but I'd say
I outdid myself here.
Now there's nowhere left for
you pests to run away and hide.
- [gasps]
Damn it, the rubble!
Nezuko, it's all right!
I'm not leaving you!
I need you
to let go of my sword
so I can get you free!
Nezuko, stop!
You'll cut your fingers!
[gasps]
- That last gust of wind
certainly did the trick.
- Now we just have to wait
for the smoke to clear up
so we can finish 'em off.
- [gasps]
Nezuko, please, let go!
- [grunting]
[tense music]
- Hyo, hyo, hyo!
It's a pleasure to meet you.
My name is Gyokko,
and I have a small request.
Before I kill you, might I
have a minute of your time?
- Why are you holding onto me?
[Kotetsu] Because you're
the one holding the sword.
- If you three
would be kind enough to let me,
I'd be delighted to show you
my beautiful artwork!
- Artwork?
What in the world
are you talking about?
[claps hands]
- Oh, I'm so happy you asked!
[Kotetsu gasping]
♪♪ ♪♪
- Behold! I call it
"Death Throes of the Smiths"!
[both shudder]
- Isn't it magnificent?
Feast your eyes
on the centerpiece!
The hallmark of a swordsmith,
their thick, blister-ridden,
soiled hands!
I pushed them
to the forefront of the piece!
Isn't it perfect?!
- Lord Kongouji.
Mr. Tetsuo.
Mr. Hagaike.
Koutarou.
- Uncle Tetsuhiro!
- Yes!
You're absolutely correct!
For this piece, I splurged
and combined five swordsmiths
to obtain the extravagant
creation before you!
[both shudder]
- Still, I never expected you
to be this moved by it!
Moreover,
by piercing them with swords,
I've truly brought out
their swordsmith qualities.
And I'm sure you've noticed
I left their Hyottoko masks on
to juxtapose
emptiness and absurdity.
Needless to say,
this was a deliberate choice
by yours truly.
But that's
not even the best part.
Twist the sword, and the art
really starts to speak.
- [screaming]
- [screams]
- [shudders]
- Stop it!
[sobbing]
- Eh?
So, what do you think?
Isn't it just marvelous?
I've perfectly captured
their death throes!
- Hey.
You better knock it off,
you piece of shit.
[dramatic music]
- Hyo!
♪♪ ♪♪
- Huh?
- I wasn't finished
describing my artwork!
I ask that you hear me out
to the end.
[singers vocalizing]
- It can teleport
from one vase to another.
I see.
- What I especially
take pride in
is the vase's--
- There's barely any resistance.
It got away again.
It can move fast.
So now it's over there.
Those vases just pop up.
- You have some nerve,
slashing my art!
My magnificent creation!
Only a philistine
with no eye for beauty
would do such a thing!
- How are those vases
appearing like that?
- You bastards with muscles
where your brains should be
can't appreciate art!
Not when you lack the critical
skills my artwork demands!
It's unforgiveable!
- Since this one
seems to be intent on feeling,
as opposed to that clone demon
from earlier,
beheading it should be
enough to kill it.
[gasps]
- Thousand Needle Fish Kill!
- [gasps]
- Mr. Tokito!
- [liquid flowing]
- [cooing]
[Kanamori gasps]
Kotetsu!
[needles squelch]
[Kotetsu gasps]
- Ah!
Lord Tokito!
- You're getting in the way.
Go hide.
- [gasps]
- I'm sorry! I--I...
- [panting]
- Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Look at you,
riddled with needles!
A comical sight, indeed!
So how do you like it?
I'm sure
the poison must be slowly
numbing your limbs
by now, no?
Oh, it's all so very comical!
To think
you saved some worthless lives
just to end up dying
in a place like this!
So worthless, it doesn't matter
whether they exist or not.
[man] After all,
your lives are worthless!
[Tokito] Who's that?
I can't remember.
Someone said the same thing
to me years ago.
But who was it?
It was summer. It was hot.
We'd left the door open.
Probably because of the heat.
The cicadas were buzzing
really loud that day.
- Hyo, hyo! Even though you
certainly don't look the part,
you are still a Hashira.
I'm getting giddy thinking
of all the artwork
I could make from you!
- That's enough.
The only thing worthless here
are your words.
[gurgles]
- Blood Demon Art:
Water Prison Pot
Death by suffocation
is rather stylish.
Beautiful, isn't it?
And that
spine-tingling feeling
of a blade
pressed up against your neck...
now that's simply sublime!
- It's no good.
I can't slash it.
- Not only have I trapped you
inside of there,
but your Breathing Techniques
as well!
I can't contain myself
imagining your face
twisting in agony as you drown!
Hyo, hyo, hyo!
Obliterating this village
will be a devastating blow
to you Demon Slayers.
And once we've brought the
Demon Slayers to their knees,
even Ubuyashiki's head
will be within reach!
Hyo, hyo!
[Tanjiro] Nezuko!
Please let go of my sword!
Nezuko!
- [breathing heavily]
[grunts]
- [gasps]
She set it ablaze
using her blood.
The sword's changing color.
The temperature's rising,
causing my black sword
to turn red!
Shrouded in exploding blood.
This is...
Exploding Blood Sword!
[woman] So it turns red, right?
Mr. Samurai,
your sword turns red
only during the heat of battle,
isn't that right?
[Tanjiro] What is this?
- But why is that?
How mysterious.
When normally
it's pitch-black,
almost like obsidian.
- Who is that?
- It's so beautiful, though,
isn't it?
- Who are you?
Wait, that's right.
This is an inherited memory.
The samurai
she's talking about,
could it be the swordsman
with the earrings I saw?
Does that mean his sword
was pitch-black too?
Then mine's just like his.
And like his,
my own sword just turned red.
It changed color!
Thanks to the power
of Nezuko's blood,
I have this red blade. And so..
even though it was
through a different method,
my sword is no different
than that swordsman's!
You may think
you've gotten stronger,
but there are always
stronger demons.
I'm only flesh and blood,
with a body that's
scarred and battered.
And each time I've been
on the brink of death,
I was saved by someone.
I have to repay
what they've done for me.
Everyone who's helped me
come as far as I have
has but one wish,
one desire...
to defeat the demons.
To protect human lives!
[both grunt]
- I have to come through
for them, no matter what!
- [growls]
- [laughs]
You're gonna need
more than cheap tricks
if you want to beat me.
- You can slash me all you want,
but I'm not gonna feel a thing!
- A burning blade.
Raging Sword.
Lord Muzan's memories.
That's the same sword that
drove Lord Muzan into a corner
and nearly beheaded him.
I see that swordsman in him.
- [gasps]
- Hinokami Kagura...
Sun Halo Dragon...
- [shrieks]
[dramatic music]
- [gasps]
[gags]
- ...Head Dance!
♪♪ ♪♪
All this time, I've been
thinking about that one blow...
and the reason
that it decapitated Gyutaro
back in
the Entertainment District.
How I felt in that moment,
my breathing,
the way I exerted myself,
the way my body felt
like it was on fire...
and my forehead.
Now I know.
I can do it now.
Just one more!
I need to slash
all four at once.
Where's the last one?
Genya! You're okay!
He beheaded the fourth demon!
That's great! That's great!
But hold on.
Was it simultaneous?
Genya--
- [panting]
- [gasps]
Is that Genya?
Why does he look like that?
It's like...
["Koi Kogare" playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
[page rustles]
- Ms. Kanroji, how do go about
sheathing that sword?
- Oh! Uh...
Poison potato!
[snickers]
- [gasps]
- Uh...
- Oh, come on.
I'm just kidding, you guys!
[laughs]
- Wow! Amazing!
- [grunts]
- Really? You think
it was that amazing?
- But of course it is!
That's Ms. Kanroji for ya!
- If you liked it that much,
then I guess I can
show it to you one more time!
[laughs]
- Amazing, Ms. Kanroji!
- You think so?
Then I guess I have to show you
one more time, don't I?
But this one's
just for you, Tanjiro!
Wait, first things first!
Next, Episode 6, "Aren't You
Going to Become a Hashira?"
There! There! There!
- Amazing! Amazing!